well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
happy halloween or whatever holiday you
may be celebrating if any
since it is a special day we're going to
do something special i have a
treat for everyone today
today we're going to talk about
predictability
criticism and president trump's rallies
over the course of my career i have
received thousands of pieces of hate
mail
um i normally don't respond
i i don't think i've ever made a video
about one
but this this deserves to be read aloud
because there's something important in
it a little bit of backstory here
uh recently i tweeted out about the
president's rallies
and how there was hypothermia in omaha
and the people passing out in tampa
and the people getting sick everywhere
and i criticized that action
the night i did that i got this message
i do not see how some failed journalist
and third-rate idiot vlogger
that's me can stand there and criticize
our president for the unfortunate injury
sustained at his rallies
when you yourself canceled yours out of
fear
had you had your tour the same thing
would have happened to you
use your head it could have been you
with the bad press
yeah absolutely
this is this is correct
had i had the tour the same thing would
have happened to me
yeah because it's a completely
predictable
outcome
all it would have taken for this to
happen to me
is for me to completely disregard
everybody's safety
for my own personal gain that's it
that's all it would have taken go ahead
with it
because it's a completely predictable
outcome
if you have events right now i don't
have rallies but if you have events
indoors
high likelihood of somebody getting sick
you have them outdoors people could
succumb to inclement weather
yes it could have been me
all i had to do was not care
about people's safety about their lives
of the people who support me the most
that's all it would take
i a third-rate vlogger
could see that coming the person who
wrote this email
who did not apparently see the
connection there
they could see it coming because it
would have
happened to you would happen to me
not might would have because it's a
completely predictable outcome i
personally cannot think of
anything scarier for halloween
than the realization that the president
of the united states does not care about
the citizens of the united states
and that's what this email shows
it's a completely predictable outcome it
would have happened
i would suggest that if the president
didn't know
it was going to happen he's unfit for
office i would suggest if he did know
and went ahead with them he's unfit for
office
either he's not really that bright
or he does not care about the lives of
his most
ardent supporters
he only cares about what he can get out
of them in this case a photo op
i think that might be something to keep
in mind right now
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day